#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.1
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via httpx
attrs==25.4.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.9.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.26.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-modelarmor
    #   langchain-google-community
google-api-python-client==2.185.0
    # via langchain-google-community
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-modelarmor
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via langchain-google-community
google-cloud-modelarmor==0.3.0
    # via langchain-google-community
googleapis-common-protos==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.76.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-modelarmor
    #   grpcio-status
    #   langchain-google-community
grpcio-status==1.76.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.3
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.31
    # via langchain-google-community
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-community==2.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-genai==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langgraph==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==3.0.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==1.0.1
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.9
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.37
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.3.4
    # via langchain-community
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.11.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-modelarmor
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-modelarmor
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via httplib2
pypdf==6.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   grpcio
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
